refine contributing doc (#854)
oam-dev/kubevela: CONTRIBUTING.md

git clone git@github.com:oam-dev/kubevela.git
```

KubeVela includes two parts, `vela cli` and `vela core`.

> - The `vela cli` is a command line tool that can build, run apps(with the help of `vela core`).

Reviewer: We can introduce `vela core` first as `vela cli` is referring to `vela core`

Author: yes thanks

> - The `vela core` is actually a K8s controller, watch CRD and deploy resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `vela core` is actually a K8s controller, which watches CRD and deploys resources.
```

For local development, we probably need to build both of them.

* Build Vela CLI

```shell script
make
```

> After build successfully, `make` command will create `vela` binary to `bin/` under the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After built successfully, `make` command will create `vela` binary to `bin/` under the project.
```
I think it means `After the Cli is built successfully`.
